.TH jmcce 1 "jmcce v1.3" "Mar 04 2001"

.SH NAME
jmce \- JauMing (frame buffer console) Chinese Environment
jmcce \- A better jmce+cce double mode (BIG5 & GB) Chinese Environment

.SH SYNTAX 
.B jmcce [-g] [-b] [-d] [-dg] [-db] [--help]

Usage: jmcce [options]

       -h  show this help
       -d  display only, without loading any input methods
       -b  force to big5 mode
       -g  force to gb mode
       -db force to big5 mode display only
       -dg force to gb mode display only

.SH DESCRIPTION
"jmcce" is a better version of BIG5 traditional Chinese Console
"jmce", plus the functions of GB simplified Chinese Console "cce".

It could handle 40 types of Chinese Input Methods,include phrase
input,BIG5 Japanese input,Symbol input ....etc. All the famous
Chinese Input Methods could work on it.

Use Ctrl+Space to change Chinese/English input state, Ctrl+Alt+0-9 
to change input method. Ctrl+Alt+0 is the internal code input method. 

.SH OPTIONS
.B -BIG5  -GB
.PP
Specify the internal code of Chinese. Also operation mode.
.PP
For example: 
.PP
jmcce -g

Will excute jmcce and force to display in GB code, simplified
Chinese mode. And append some famous simplified Chinese Input 
Methods.

.SH USAGE
BIG5 traditional Chinese Mode: (default)

.br
 Ctrl+Space         Toggle Chinese/English
.br
 Shift+Space        Toggle Full/Half English Char
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+1         CJ Input Method
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+2 (new)   junior CJ Input Method
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+3         Phone Input Method
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+4         Boshiamy Input Method 
.br
                       (if you have legal file)
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+5         Array30 Input Method 
.br
                       (if you have legal file)
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+6 (new)   English to Chinese Input Method 
.br
                       (by Square fast Co.)
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+7 (new)   EZ 100 thousand phrase Input Method 
.br
                       (by EZ info.)
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+8 (new)   BIG5 Japanese Romanize Input Method 
.br
                       (by EZ info.)
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+9 (new)   Chion 300 thousand phrase Input Method 
.br
                       (by Chion Kwan)
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+0         Internal Code Input Method 
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+G (new)   Repeat the last input phrase or char
.PP
Other input methods could be choice by light bar menu
and configed at /usr/lib/jmcce/jmcceb5.ini  
 

GB simplified Chinese Mode: (default)

.br
 Ctrl+Space         Toggle Chinese/English
.br
 Shift+Space        Toggle Full/Half English Char
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+1         No tone Pinyin Input Method
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+2         Toned Pinyin Input Method
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+3 (new)   CCDOS shorter Pinyin Input Method
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+4 (new)   Qian Ma Input Method  
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+5         Five-Stroke (Wubi) Input Method 
.br
                       (if you have legal file)
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+6 (new)   English to Chinese Input Method 
.br
                       (CXterm version)
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+7 (new)   Head and Tail Input Method  
.br
                       (if you have legal file)
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+8 (new)   CTLau Cantonese Input Method 
.br
                       (if you have legal file)
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+9 (new)   Telegraph Code Input Method
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+0         Internal Code Input Method 
.br
 Ctrl+Alt+G (new)   Repeat the last input phrase or char
.PP
Other input methods could be choice by light bar menu
and configed at /usr/lib/jmcce/jmccegb.ini   

Console window operation:

.br
  ScrollLock      Enter/Leave History Mode
.br
  Ctrl+Alt+A      Add a new console window
.br
  Ctrl+Alt+X      Exit current console window
.br
  Ctrl+Alt+P      Change to previous console window
.br
  Ctrl+Alt+N      Change to next console window
.br
  Ctrl+Alt+R      Redraw current console window
 
.SH AUTHORS
yact:  Nicholas Pearl <Nicholas.bbs@bbs.csie.nctu.edu.tw>
.PP
bcs16: Server <cnoize.bbs@bbs.cis.nctu.edu.tw>
.PP
chdrv: Wang Youzhong <wycc@iis.sinica.edu.tw> 
.PP
cce:   He Rui <herui@info.cs.tsinghua.edu.cn>
.PP
jmce:  JauMing Tseng <jauming@yahoo.com> 
                     <kevin@gv.com.tw>
.PP
jmcce: Taiwan Linux Co. LTD. (http://www.t-linux.com.tw)		     

.SH BUGS
Bug reports and comments/suggestions about jmce should be sent to 
<jauming@yahoo.com> or <kevin@gv.com.tw>

Bug reports and comments/suggestions about jmcce could
be send to Taiwan Linux Co. LTD. (webmaster@t-linux.com.tw)

.SH DISCLAIMER
This software is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind,
either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to,
the implied warranty of fitness for a particular purpose.
The authors disclaim all warranties with regard to this program.
